This program helps determine which working group drafts reference
particular technologies.  For example, the RADEXT working group can
use it to determine which *other* working group documents reference
RADIUS.  Those documents can then be reviewed by the RADEXT working
group.

It does this by:

* grabbing a copy of the "internet-drafts" directory from ftp.rfc-editor.org

* scanning the list of working group drafts

* for each WG draft, scanning it to find the list of normative
  references

* for each interesting RFC, print out which drafts reference those
  RFCS.

USAGE:

	$ make sync

This uses 'rsync' to grab the set of drafts.  This may take 5-10
minutes, depending on your system and network connection.  We
recommend this be done once a day AT MOST.  Ideally, once a week.

The main program is ietf-draft-scan.pl :

	$ ./ietf-draft-scan.pl -r radius

Finds internet-drafts which reference the "radius" technology.

TECHNOLOGIES:

Are defined in the file "tech.txt".  See the file for a description.
This file should be edited to add whatever technology you need.

DETAILED USAGE:

	$ ./ietf-draft-scan.pl -r 2865 -W radext,dime

Prints out a list of drafts (and status) which reference RFC 2865.
The "radext" and "dime" working groups are exluded from the list.

	$ /ietf-draft-scan.pl -r 2865,2866,2867,2868,2869,3162,3575,3579,3580,4675,5080,5090,5176,6158 -W radext,dime

Prints out a more comprehensive list of drafts which reference any of
the above RFCs.

The only command-line options are -r and -W.

USING MAKEFILE

The above process can be simplified by editing the Makefile:

	RFC = 1,2,3,4

This is a comma-separated list of RFCs for a particular technology.

	WGS = foo,bar

This is a comma-separated list of working groups which have defined
that technology.  Documents from these working groups are ignored.
The idea is that (e.g. RADEXT) is familiar with RADIUS documents.    

	$ make list.txt

Will make the list as shown above.

You can also do:

	$ make mail.txt

To make a message suitable for sending to a working group mailing
list.  The header is in the file "top.txt".

Finally,

	$ make send

Sends the email.  You will need to edit the FROM and TO lines of the
Makefile.
